## Housekeeping
- Share the calendar
- Rictavio's story was generated by chatGPT, and is available on the site

## Outcomes From Last Session
- The tiger killed someone, so [[Vargas Vallakovich|The Burgomaster]] is after the Wachter brothers
	- [[Danika Dorakova|Danika]] maybe says to the party, "Did you hear the news? Those poor brothers. Yes, they're annoying and drink too much, but [[Vargas Vallakovich|Burgomaster Vallakovich]] will have their heads for this"
	- If he catches them, [[Vargas Vallakovich|The Burgomaster]] may get hear from the brothers the [[Bardolf]] put them up to it
- The wolf hunters will come back in the evening with [[Carlos]] and will be expecting the rest of their payment
	- They also have news of [[Ismark Kolyanovich|Ismark]] in [[Village of Barovia (E)|Barovia Village]], a letter to [[Ireena Kolyana|Ireena]]

>My dearest sister, life has become more difficult these days since your leaving. With father's death now publicly known, I've stepped up to fill the role of Burgomaster. But the villagers reject me. They refuse to be led by "The Lesser".
>
>I know that you would have been a better leader, Ireena. I just wish I had your political prowess. 
>
>Since yesterday, there seems to have been an outbreak of some new disease. More than half the town have taken to shuffling through the streets like the undead. They all sweat profusely and seem to shake uncontrollably. I've even seen some fall in the streets with seizures. Paranoia and confusion reign. Please send advice.
>
> Yours, Ismark

- Consider having the kid at the orphanage kill one of the kids they dropped off

- [[Mechanics of Dream Pastries]] at noon


## Rictavio
- Remind the party that he thinks the town is unsafe, but that the church may have some special protections against [[Strahd Von Zarovich|Strahd]]
	- His research tells him that it is consecrated ground

- He'll go downstairs with them
- As he leaves town: "If you find yourself in trouble, you can find refuge in the small lake"
	- maybe even on a note in his room

## Danika
- The tiger killed someone, so [[Vargas Vallakovich|The Burgomaster]] is after the Wachter brothers
	- [[Danika Dorakova|Danika]] maybe says to the party, "Did you hear the news? Those poor brothers. Yes, they're annoying and drink too much, but [[Vargas Vallakovich|Burgomaster Vallakovich]] will have their heads for this"
- [[Rictavio]] knows the guards will come for him too
	- he takes off upstairs to pack his things
	- "If you find yourself in trouble, you can find refuge in the small lake"

## The Church
- [[The Town of Vallaki (N)#St Andral's Church (N1)|The Church]]
- [[Father Lucian Petrovich|Father Lucian]] will address [[Pelanil]] directly as a man of god
- He confides in [[Pelanil]] that the church is no longer protected because the bones went missing a couple days ago
- He shows them where they bones used to be
- He told [[Yeska]] about them to put him at ease
- Don't forget to play investigation music

