In addition to the information known to all Barovians (see "Barovian Lore" in chapter 2), the villagers of [[Village of Krezk (S)|Krezk]] (called Krezkites) know the following bits of local lore:

- [ ] Residents never leave the village for fear of being attacked by wolves, dire wolves, and werewolves.
- [ ] About once a month, a wagonload of wine arrives from the [[The Wizard of Wines (W)|Wizard of Wines]] (chapter 12), the winery and vineyard to the south. The business is owned and operated by the [[The Keepers of the Feather|Martikovs]].
- [ ] [[Dmitri Krezkov|Burgomaster Krezkov]] recently lost his fourteen-year-old son, [[Ilya Krezkov|Ilya]], to illness. [[Ilya Krezkov|Ilya]] was the last of the four Krezkov children.
- [ ] A pool at the north end of the village provides fresh water throughout the year. Next to the pool, the village's ancestors built a shrine to the [[The Morninglord|Morninglord]] in a gazebo. It's known as the [[Village of Krezk (S)#S4. Pool and Shrine|Shrine of the White Sun]].
- [ ] The [[Village of Krezk (S)#S10. Abbey Entrance|Abbey of Saint Markovia]] is named after a priest of the [[The Morninglord|Morninglord]] who took a stand against the devil [[Strahd Von Zarovich|Strahd]]. After a fierce uprising, [[Markovia]] and her most loyal followers stormed [[Castle Ravenloft (K)|Castle Ravenloft]], only to be destroyed.
- [ ] The abbey was once a hospital and a convent, but it fell on hard times after the land was swallowed up by the mists. Some of the clergy fell prey to [[Strahd Von Zarovich|Strahd]], while others went mad and either starved themselves to death or turned to cannibalism.
- [x] The head of the abbey, called simply [[The Abbot]], arrived over a century ago and hasn't aged a day since. He occasionally visits the [[Village of Krezk (S)#S4. Pool and Shrine|Shrine of the White Sun]] but doesn't talk much, and he demands tribute in the form of wine. No one knows his true name or where he came from, and many believe he's [[Strahd Von Zarovich|Strahd]]'s servant or the vampire himself in disguise.
- [ ] No one from the village visits the abbey anymore. The abbey's bell rings at odd times, day and night, and the place is filled with baleful screams and horrible, inhuman laughter that can be heard throughout the village.
